---
Type: Daily Note
Date Created: 01-01-2024
---
# 01-01-2024

## Things to do

## Events of Today

## Journal
Good morning me, today is the start of 2024 and I hope your ready because we are going to commit on changing our habits, you know like a new year's resolution. Now, I am doing this journal thing which is a start you know. This will serve as a way for me to vent out thoughts and things in the morning so that I can free some thoughts and be ready for the day. And also this journal will be done in the morning if I feel like it but is recommended and also in be done in the night before going to bed or something. Of course this is just a simple guideline and I can write my journal outside of these times.

Aside from writing a journal, now I want myself to use **GOOGLE CALENDER** properly this also includes **TODOIST**. Please you these tools to properly manage your tasks and other personal things. For the calendar, at the beginning or end of the week, I want, no. Not I want, I will plan out the things I want to do for the whole week this includes designated times for studying exercising, piano practice, and things alike. For Todoist, it's simple just copy the things I want to do from my calendar, or just put in the things to do in Todoist. This includes any tasks given and instead of assigning the due date as the deadline, make the due atleast 1-2 days before the real deadline, this will give you ample of time to do it, and also assign a date on when you will do it so it won't be harder for you in the future. So yeah this is what I wrote for this morning and I will be looking forward to overcoming future challenges especially in college, will be continuing this tonight.